docs: update CONTRIBUTING (#2122)
antvis/S2: CONTRIBUTING.en-US.md

1. `yarn bootstrap`: Installation dependency.
2. `yarn site:bootstrap`: Install site related dependencies.
3. `yarn site:start`: Starts the local `S2` website.
4. `yarn core:start`:  Debug and test local `@antv/s2`（Based on jest-electron）.
5. `yarn react:start` Debug and test local `@antv/s2-react` (Based on jest-electron).
6. `yarn vue:start` Debug and test local `@antv/s2-vue` (Based on jest-electron).

> 7. `yarn react:playground` Starts the local `@antv/s2-react` playground (基于 vite).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `yarn react:playground` Starts the local `@antv/s2-react` playground (Based on vite).
```

> 8. `yarn vue:playground` Starts the local `@antv/s2-vue` playground (基于 vite).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. `yarn vue:playground` Starts the local `@antv/s2-vue` playground (Based on vite).
```
